
   Inheritance is a core concept of Object-Oriented Programming (OOP), it allows one class to acquire the
   properties and behaviors of another, promoting code reuse and logical hierarchy.
   It’s implemented using the extends keyword.

   In Inheritance, child class can inherit only one parent class --> means multiple inheritance cannot achieve


 1. Single inheritance - One subclass inherits from one superclass.
 2. Multilevel - A class inherits from a class that already inherits another class.
 3. Hierarchical - Multiple subclasses inherit from a single superclass.
 4. Multiple - not supported by java because if 2 or more parent have same method then there is ambiguity problem will occur. this problem is also
			   called ambiguity problem or diamond access problem. It is achievable using interface.
 5. Hybrid - It is a mix of two or more of the above types of inheritance. In Java, we can achieve hybrid inheritance only through Interfaces
             if we want to involve multiple inheritance to implement Hybrid inheritance.
             not supported by java this problem is also called ambiguity problem or diamond access problem.

IS-A Relationship: Inheritance also called is-a relationship.
Inheritance represents an IS-A relationship, also known as a parent-child relationship. It signifies that a subclass is a type of its superclass.
We can achieve by using extends or implement keywords.
For example: public class Car extends Vehicle{} --> is-a relationship
A Car IS-A Vehicle.
A Dog IS-A Animal.
A Surgeon IS-A Doctor.

HAS-A relationship(Association):
Association is a relationship where one class uses or interacts with another class by holding a reference to it.
It represents a HAS-A relationship in object-oriented programming.
We can achieve by creating a object of that class.
The has-a relationship is not part of inheritance. It’s part of composition or aggregation,
which is a different kind of object-oriented relationship.
Example :  Engine engine = new Engine(); // Car has-a Engine
Student HAS-A Address
Laptop HAS-A Processor

Note: If you want to use properties of parent class without using extend keyword then by creating object of parent class
      in child class then it is called has-a relationship.