Abstraction is a concept of hiding internal implementation details and showing only the essential features to the user.

Real World Example:
When you drive a car, you only need to know how to operate the steering wheel, pedals and gear shift.
You don't need to understand how the engine works or how the brakes are designed.

How to achieve Abstraction :-
We can achieve Abstraction by two ways:
1. Using Abstract Classes
2. Using Interfaces

Abstract Class :-
1. An abstract class in Java is a class that is declared using the abstract keyword.
2. By abstract class we can achieve partial(0-100%) abstraction.
3. In abstract class can have all abstract methods or combination of abstract and non-abstract methods or all non-abstract methods.
4. We can create constructor of abstract class.
5. It cannot be instantiated (you cannot create objects of abstract classes).
6. We can define variable as static, non-static and final in abstract class.
7. If a class contains atleast one abstract method compulsory we have to declare class as abstract.
8. If a class not contains any abstract method still we can declare class as abstract.
9. Child class is responsible to provide implementation for parent class abstract methods.
10. When we are extending abstract class then for each and every abstract method of abstract class, compulsory we should provide
    implementation in the child class.
11. you can write a main method inside an abstract class.

Abstract Methods :-
1. An abstract method is a method that is declared without an implementation (no method body).
2. It only provides the method signature and forces subclasses to provide the actual implementation.
3. Declared using the abstract keyword.
4. Must be declared inside an abstract class or interface.
5. Abstract methods must be overridden by subclasses, unless the subclass is also abstract.
6. It cannot be private, static or final — because it must be overridden.

Syntax & Example :
Syntax : abstract returnType methodName(parameters);
Example : abstract void makeSound(); // Abstract method – no body











